 Q1: What is SEO and explain the importance of SEO?

 Ans 1: SEO is the practice of increasing the quantity and qualityof traffic to your website through organic search engine reasults. A higher rank when someone searches a term in your industry increase your brand's visibility  online. The increase in visibility will drive more organic traffic to your site , and this, in turn, gives you more opportunities to convert qualified prospects into customer. When done correctly , SEO can healp your brand stand above other as a trustworthy company and further improve the user's expirence with your brand and website.
    
    Importance of SEO
*  Visibility and Ranking : 
     When searching for a service or product online , users are more likely to choose one of the five suggestions that the search engine shows them. After all, while google may return thousands upon thousands of search reasult for any given terms that,  the vast majority of searchers never make it past the first page, and more than 25% of people click the first search result they see. SEO helps you rank higher in search results and garner more visibility online, making potential customers more likely to click over to your site and convert.
*  Web Traffic :
     To put it simply—if potential customers can’t find your website, you miss out on sales opportunities. SEO increases your organic search   engine traffic, in turn increasing the number of visitors your website sees each day. This directly correlates to an increase in sales—because the more relevant people see your site, the more chances you have to sell to them.   
*   Trustworthy
      The better optimized your site is, the higher you’ll appear on search engines like Google and Bing. While ranking higher on Google is appealing to all brands because of increased visibility, a secondary benefit is the trust you gain with potential customers. Users tend to     defer to the recommendations that a search engine generates, so having a higher position for the keywords a user is searching for will solidify your product or service as trustworthy in the user’s mind. 
*    User Experience
     A well-optimized website clearly communicates what product or service is being offered, shows how to obtain it, and answers any questions surrounding it. User experience is a major ranking factor for Google. This means that by catering the site to appeal to search engines like Google and Bing, you’re also catering it to the user’s experience. This means both search engines and users are able to easily get the information they need.
*    Growth
     There’s no doubt about it—SEO carries a lot of importance for the growth of your brand. As we mentioned above, the higher you rank on a search engine for a variety of high-volume keywords, the more organic (aka non-paid) web traffic your site will receive. It’s as simple as that.