Q3 : What are the benefits of using meta tags?

Ans 3: The benifits of using meta tags are :-

1. Meta tags provides relevancy
     Meta tags show search engines how relevant your page is to the user’s query.
     A query can be anything from “Thai restaurant near me” to “Benefits of jogging every morning”. As the information in the meta title tag indicates that the page is of interest to the user, the search engine will deliver it on its results page, depending on the authority of the page.
     If you have a meta description tag and title which speaks directly to what the user is searching for, your rankings will improve as a byproduct of this.

2. You save time without writing too much
     As meta tags are in the HTML of your website, they are not meant to be long copy.
     They need to be short and sweet. You do not want excessive amounts of code on your website.
     These are simple and to the point, whether you are writing a meta title or a meta description. These metadata are usually limited to a few words.

3. They optimise your site without making things untidy
     Meta tags do not affect the actual, visible content of your website in any way.
     This means that they do not take up space which could be used for selling products or services, encouraging social engagement or presenting ideas.
     Unlike your standard website blog posts and articles, you don’t need to ‘strategically’ sprinkle keywords to help your page rank on Google.

4. They can be quickly implemented
     There is no need for keyword research and strategy with constant updates on your search engine optimisation as there are no keywords for meta tags.
     This means you’ll save time from carrying out long hours of keyword research just to know the ‘right’ keywords to add into your meta tags.
     There used to be keywords available for use on Google, but they have since outlawed it thanks to people who mislead audiences by giving the wrong information in the meta tags to get a high click-through rate on their page

5. They allow you to track your metrics better
     You want people who are looking for your website to find it, right?
     Or, at least, you want people who are searching for the information your page offers to find it. This is one of the many benefits of meta tags.
     In fact, some might argue this is the most important benefit for using meta tags.
     It will ensure that all traffic to your website is legitimate and that the people who are looking for your content are the ones who find it, therefore lessening your bounce rate and increasing the authority of your website